<h1> Data Privacy Google Home Mini Forensic analysis </h1>
<b> University slideshow held for the exam "Digital Forensics" </b>

<h2> Description </h2>
<p> We are in 2020 and many speakers with artificial intelligence (AI) have recently arrived on the market. There are many companies that are investing in this market with proprietary products. In this project I went to analyze the history and current laws on Privacy and then go specifically with the management of user data by the Menlo Park's company, so as to have a complete overview on the level of privacy regarding the Google Home Mini </p>

<h2> I part: The role of Privacy in Digital Forensics  </h2>
<p> Digital Forensics is an evolutionary discipline but with solid ethical and legal principles. As part of this evolution, privacy has taken on an increasingly important role. Initially, privacy mechanisms (eg Encryption, Secure Erase) were considered anti-forensic. In recent years, the new disciplines of Digital Forensics (eg IoTForensics) tend to consider the need for a symbiosis between both disciplines. The summary of contributions in the area of Digital Forensics and Privacy Compromises shows that while privacy solutions have been designed for nearly all of the topics shown above, they are not widely considered in digital forensic scenarios. Furthermore, the approaches based on IoT Forensics are not yet considering these solutions. Partly due to the current limitation of device hardware, but also because the challenges in privacy-aware IoT-forensics are different, being more focused on disseminating cooperative approaches in common frameworks and methodologies. Another problem is the dispersion of data, which leads to legal problems, due to the difference in laws. </p>

<q> Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide, is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to say.                                                                                      - Edward Snowden</p>

<h2> II part: Forensic study of a Google Home Mini  </h2>
<p> We are in 2020 and many speakers with artificial intelligence (AI) have recently arrived on the market. Starting with the Amazon Echo, many companies are producing their own speaker technologies. Due to the limitations of technology, most speakers have similar functions, but the way of handling the data of each speaker is different. In the case of Amazon Echo, the cloud API is open to any developer to develop their own API. The Amazon Echo has been around for some time and a lot of research has been done on it. However, not much research has been done on Google Home Mini analytics for digital surveys. In this presentation, I'll show you some initial research on Google Home Mini data storage and security methods. Google Home Mini is a scaled-down version of Google Home that launched in October 2017 and launched in September 2018 in Korea. The operating system supports Android 5.0 or later, iOS 9.1 or later. To use Google Home Mini, the user needs to sync it with the Google Home app, and the Google assistant will work when users sign up and are Wi-Fi certified in the user app. </p>

<q> A study by Minjin Park & Joshua I. James @ Legal Informatics and Forensic Science Institute, Hallym University (Korea) </q>
